# S3 (simple storage service)

1. What are buckets in S3?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A bucket is a container for objects stored in Amazon S3. Every object is 
contained in a bucket. For example, if the object named photos/puppy.jpg is 
stored in the awsexamplebucket1 bucket in the US West (Oregon) Region, then it 
is addressable using the URL https://awsexamplebucket1.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/photos/puppy.jpg

2. What does S3 replication do? What is it for?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Replication enables automatic, asynchronous copying of objects across 
Amazon S3 buckets.
* Replicate objects while retaining metadata
* Replicate objects into different storage classes
* Maintain object copies under different ownership
* Keep objects stored over multiple AWS Regions
* Replicate objects within 15 minutes

3. What steps are required to gain AWS CLI access to an S3 bucket?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1. Download and configure AWS CLI (you need password or IAM user with role)
  2. Add a named profile
  3. Verify

4. How is it possible to control access to S3 resources?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Managing access refers to granting others (AWS accounts and users) permission 
to perform the resource operations by writing an access policy.
Resource-based policies
User policies

5. What are versions in S3? What does it mean to delete an object in S3 when 
versioning is enabled?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You can use S3 Versioning to keep multiple versions of an object in one bucket 
and enable you to restore objects that are accidentally deleted or overwritten.
By default, your bucket is unversioned

6. How is it possible to optimize cost of S3 resources?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
cost allocations
User-defined cost allocation tags
S3 bucket tags

7. How nested file hierarchies are represented in S3?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
using prefix

8. What does S3 store inside its objects?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Key
Version ID
Value
Metadata
Subresources
Access control information

9. Why S3 is better than a physically maintained file server?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less administrative overhead, more features, SLA
